Welcome, everyone to Typescript and Vue.
I'm excited to have you all
here today as we dive right in.
So to kick things off,
a little bit about me.
So little fun fact,
I really love going to amusement parks.
And one of the things that's been great
since the things have started calming down
as far as pandemic and stuff is.
We can go back so
I've been to Universal Studios.
This is not a recent photo,
but if you're looking for
me I'm the guy way in the back.
This is on the Universal Studios Orlando,
the Jurassic Park right where you just
dive 80 feet, it's an absolute blast.
So if you ever get a chance
to be sure to check that out.
But the Universal Studio in LA they
redid it with the Jurassic world.
So highly recommend it if you're
in the area, so check that out.
But a fun facts aside,
a little bit about me, for
those who aren't familiar with my work.
I'm a senior staff developer
experience engineer at Netlify,
I'm on the Vue Core team which
where some of you may know me from.
So we'll do a lot of stuff in open
source as well as the Nuxt Ambassador.
So if you're not aware there's also
the Nuxt free workshop coming up in
a couple of days.
So if you wanna learn about that be
sure to join us for that as well.
I'll have to teach on Vue Mastery, and
I'm also a Google Developer expert.
It sounds like everyone they're excited
to learn about the thing that I designed
the workshop for, [LAUGH] which is getting
you up and running with Typescript and
vue, because it's been kind
of a tricky journey for vue.
We'll talk a little bit about that.
But today we'll go through the ins and
outs and hopefully, yeah, get a lot done.
All right, so
as far as the workshop format for today.
So, basically, when I teach workshops,
I follow these sort of three
principles as far as the recipe.
Which is we start by learning the concept,
we question, basically,
figuring out what things really are so
you all can ask questions, and
then we get to apply it, and
I think this is the key step.
So just to kind of give some more
examples, when we're learning I'm gonna be
giving some explanations examples
of how things actually work,
as you can see that live.
Then of course if anyone has any
questions about what I just demoed or
just needs to dive in a little bit deeper,
this is where we can do that.
And then as always with the workshops,
you get a chance to actually
get a hands on experience that.
Cuz after all, how many of us have
read books, watch video courses and
then when it comes to actually applying
it, it's an entirely separate matter?
So this entire course as
we go through things,
you'll get lots of chances to
be hands on with the code.
So as much as humanly possible,
please try to actually do
the exercises along with us.
We will be doing solutions, so don't worry
if you're feeling a little bit lost, but
yeah that'll be a key
part of the workshop.
And finally as a reminder before we get
started is that, all code is compromised.
So a lot of things I'll be telling you
about are basically just things that I've
observed, they're not necessary best
practices in terms of this is how you
should always do things.
And so I encourage you to, whether it's
question or disagree with the things I'm
saying, because after all your opinion and
experience matters.
And at the end of the day, you and your
team are the one maintaining your code
base, and it's important to respect
that at the end of the day.